fix: resource hints images (#1649)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2020/resource-hints.md

reviewers: [jessnicolet, pmeenan, giopunt, mgechev, notwillk]
analysts: [khempenius]
translators: []

> zizzamia_bio: Leonardo is a Staff Software Engineer at <a href="https://www.coinbase.com/">Coinbase</a>, leading web performance and growth initiatives. He curates the <a href="https://ngrome.io">NGRome Conference</a>. Leo also maintains the <a href="https://github.com/Zizzamia/perfume.js">Perfume.js<a/> library, which helps companies prioritize roadmaps and make better business decisions through performance analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zizzamia_bio: Leonardo is a Staff Software Engineer at <a href="https://www.coinbase.com/">Coinbase</a>, leading web performance and growth initiatives. He curates the <a href="https://ngrome.io">NG Rome Conference</a>. Leo also maintains the <a href="https://github.com/Zizzamia/perfume.js">Perfume.js<a/> library, which helps companies prioritize roadmaps and make better business decisions through performance analytics.
```

Author: Sweet, thanks! Changing this in the next PR.

The [native lazy loading](https://web.dev/browser-level-image-lazy-loading/) hint is a native browser API for deferring the load of offscreen images and iframes. By using it, assets that are not needed during the initial page load will not initiate a network request, this will reduce data consumption and improve page performance.

```html
<img src="image.png" loading="lazy" alt="…" width="200" height="200">
```

> Be mindful Chromium's implementation of lazy-loading thresholds logic historically has been quite [conservative](https://web.dev/browser-level-image-lazy-loading/#distance-from-viewport-thresholds), keeping the offscreen limit to 3000px. During the last year the limit has been actively tested and improved on to better align developer expectations, and ultimately moving the thresholds to 1250px. Also, there is [no standard across the browsers](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/5408) and no ability for web developers to override the defaults thresholds provided by the browsers, yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be mindful Chromium's implementation of lazy-loading thresholds logic historically has been quite [conservative](https://web.dev/browser-level-image-lazy-loading/#distance-from-viewport-thresholds), keeping the offscreen limit to 3000px. During the last year the limit has been actively tested and improved on to better align developer expectations, and ultimately moving the thresholds to 1250px. However, there is [no standard across the browsers at present](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/5408) and no ability for web developers to override the defaults thresholds provided by the browsers, yet.
```

Author: Nice! Changing this as well in the next PR.
